Hello, here is another edition of our Weekly review
The previous one reached many people, and so did the first editions, so I keep going with tenacity.
Because it seems you are interested, and it helps many people
to better understand what happened during the week.
Obviously, I will speak about Trump's election in the US.
It makes me smirk, and I am a bit sarcastic, because once again,
polling institutes, clever minds, bright people, they were all mistaken.
So me, i have a moral witness, I won't say which reporter,
but there's a reporter to whom i had sent a text saying
"Listen, don't believe what's written in your paper, she'll screw up".
It's a slightly familiar wording, but everyone understands what I mean.
Why did I believe it wasn't as simple as they said?
First, during the Democratic Primary, a member of my team was over there
and she observed the campaign first-hand.
She did so in three states, not just in one, or in the headquarters, but in the field.
She could observe three different situations, from the progressive side.
It was the communication director of my campaign, Sophia Chikirou.
That's why she went there, because we were preparing our own way of working
we wanted to see the best that could be done on site.
First, we saw the importance of social media, of all we are doing together right now
we could check it worked well.
Then, she went to see Podemos' campaign in Spain, to conclude well.
We didn't appear so much behind, and even on several topics
ahead of the Americans or of the Spanish people of Podemos, or of Bernie Sanders.
But after that, that's the "technical" satisfaction,
but after that, what was revealing in the US situation was the coming back of the people.
Around Bernie Sanders, events happened, and even if they don't like us
and this is unbelievable, the journalists who don't like us, they have the right
but at least they could see what's happening, and try to understand
But they were all in their office, calling their colleagues, the correspondents on site,
Correspondents on site, where do you think they are?
When  you are a correspondent for the left wing press, and you are in the US
they don't go in the field, they stay in the headquarters,
they talk, formally, for hours, yadi yada…
and they believe what they're being told! So for them, Bernie Sanders didn't matter.
However, amazing things happened around this guy!
For instance, the meeting he did in New York.
It was the first time, for ages, that a rally happens in the street ! Just imagine,
50 000 people, here, listening, cheering.
And this guy, he wasn't making any effort, he dresses worse than me, bad haircut,
and he always gave more or less the same speech.
So absolutely not somebody spectacular, of whom you could say
"Hey, people are coming to see something uncommon."
No, they were coming to listen to something uncommon, which is a politic person caring for the people,
- aha! it hurts a few to hear that! -
"to carry for the people", no huge blablabla phrasing.
And that's how it drove forward, for instance,
the idea of having a minimum salary of $15 per hour
because over there, there isn't a minimum salary of this level.
Since then several states have adopted it.
Anyway, what we could see was the people's involvement,
and the "small people", the ones we call "small people"
are people who manage two, three jobs per day to make (and sometimes they can't),
to make the ends meet, who spend their life worrying if their kids got up to go to school,
if they had dinner before going to bed
because they aren't home, they are at work.
So this, it was something meaningful.
But it's not just the important crowds present at Bernie Sander's rallies,
but Sanders also defeated Clinton in several states,
where he won the Democratic Primary.
And which states were these? It's the most interesting to analyse. They were the states usually dominated by the Liberals.
So the states with a Liberal majority, Sanders would have won,
which means the people, in the sense of the progressive people,
were getting involved for him, in front of a popular Liberal majority.
Whereas in the Democratic states, people were involved for Mrs Clinton
- the elite most of all, of course most of the popular votes were for Sanders.
Especially, when our friend went to Florida, she could see what happened.
It's a state where the Clintons believed they were kings. Well, they got close to lose it.
And when he arrived in New York, where our friend went as well,
it started to be rigged!
The mayor of New York, who is the Democrat boss over there, and who is corrupt to the bone
changed the rules,
and 130 000 people were removed from the Democratic voters,
everyone who had joined less than three months ago.
So of course, Clinton won easily in such conditions.
And it happened also in Pennsylvania, the same in the Nebraska, etc.
It's been rigged all around, all around, all around.
So at the end, they rub their hands, they are happy, they rigged it.
There it is, they got the result they wanted.
Just like in France. I mean, there's a pure evil, I'll speak about it,
Trump, right, and there's another person, sensible, by the way she's a woman,
that's how they sold her, they overused the point, in a way which was really not
a feminist thinking.
And it was tailored, since Trump had an horrendous misogynist and sexist discourse,
it helped it all. So we could have said the only real problem was this one,
and everything else didn't matter.
But now, it's time to see to what result it led to.
At the head of the Democratic party ended up Mrs Clinton,
instead of Mr. Sanders, who actually was independant, not Democrate, when running for the Primary. Alright?
Do you see the similarities with here in France?
The Democrats organise the Primary, they say "Everyone who wants to join can run in the Primary"
and we put Sanders. Of course after that, polls all say : "only Mrs Clinton matters".
But over there, too bad, polls were saying
"Sanders does defeat Trump."
All of that, you never heard of it in the French press.
The French press? The Primary wasn't even done, yet Liberation was already titling,
always at the forefront, saying "The game is set,
it's Clinton-Trump", even if it's not true.
I remember conversations with journalists, I used to tell them: "You're crazy to do that,
you don't observe what's happening, you're taking your wishes for granted."
"Ok, you want Mrs Clinton to be candidate, we can understand it,
but at least watch what happens around you."
So they succeeded in their tricks, that is, the people only had one choice left:
to vote for a billionaire, Mrs Clinton, who doesn't give a damn about their problems
who despised, insulted, made invisible, rigged the vote, against Sanders.
"You don't have a choice. You must vote for her, because she won the Primary."
And Sanders accepted to play this game, him.
He ran at the Primary, he lost, it was rigged,
but he said "Well I admit, I lost".
It's one thing Sanders threw the towel,
but people who trusted him, people who got involved for him,
in his campaign and all, they do what they want!
They think "It's not Sanders, it's Mrs Clinton? Well I won't vote for somebody I consider corrupted,
I won't vote for a billionaire,
she has suspicious relations with all the big companies of the country,
she's not interested in is, damn she does what she wants ! But I won't vote."
A lot of people thought this !
I'm not making that up, it's in the result.
If you look at the results, you become aware that Mrs Clinton
had 6 millions votes less than what Mr Obama did.
So, she's got a bit more than Trump,
but since it's a federal country, there's an election in each state
and they have a number of electors, so with the electors, sometimes it's a proportion of the result,
but in other states, it's all or nothing for each candidate.
Each state is self administered, it's a federal country.
We have a single state, the people is one and united!
They have a federal country, so the law isn't the same everywhere,
rules aren't the same everywhere.
I mention this for the ones loving federal systems. Well there you are, enjoy your meal.
This is what you get, somebody who won more votes in total, but loses the election.
So you see, if she lost,
it's because some people didn't get involved for her, and they were supposed to.
And why did they not? This is the real question to ask.
You think they wonder? Not at all, here we go again :
"Trump got elected by fools", whatever,
"Big blue and white American bulls"
But no ! Trump, he represents the unashamed right wing  ['droite décomplexée']
So he got the votes of people who are racist, sexist, misogynist
they're all like that, there's no difference!
He obtained normal traditional Republican votes,
added to the votes of men and women who are neither misogynist, nor racist, nor sexist
but they're just Liberals !
They won't vote for somebody of whom is said: "it's the left wing, plus she's corrupt,
plus she doesn't abide to the federal law of Defence".
People got involved, they said "We don't want this woman either,
we prefer to vote for Mr Trump."
Trump found back the Republican votes of the previous election.
What else do you need? Do you understand?
This woman stopped the involvement of the people.
Her, the Clinton. If they lost, if Trump won, it's because of the Clinton. It's because of this political ideology.
The first French politician with a Clinton mind, in 1983-1984, was already Hollande.
He used to write texts, they were copied from Clinton's texts in the US.
And then in Europe appeared Blair, Clintons' mind, Schröder, another Clintons' disciple,
and Bill Clinton in person came to deliver meetings in Europe.
They called them the "Summits of the Modernising Leaders", you had the communist Alema, Italian,
the German and Spanish socialists, they were there, around him.
And it sucked, because Blair he gave pamphlets, you wanted to cry,
on Mr Clinton thanks to whom the sky became brighter,
some shows of personality cult completely unbelievable.
These people are responsible for the disaster.
And by the way, each time one of them is elected, just after an horrendous right wing wins.
After Bill Clinton, we got the Bush.
After Obama, we're going to have Trump. Next time, I wonder who we'll have.
So, you've understood me. This woman stopped people's involvement,
it's exactly the same issue we have in our country, it's the same thing, the same situation.
And about Trump, he's re-motivated the Right wing, but we've got to analyse further! further!
You can stay stuck at the labels, right/left wings, because that's not what was at stake.
Trump, he didn't run his campaign only with sexist and racist insults.
Posh people believe that, but they don't listen to the other points of his speech.
"Oh he said that ! Oh it's terrible !" They don't listen to the other points. And the other points, what did he say?
He told them: end of the free-trade agreements, re-industrialisation of the country,
we stop making war on the entire Earth.
But people, they hear this. That's what they heard.
When you have three jobs to get your income at the end of the month, and you barely make it,
that's what you hear. You don't listen to the racist or sexist insults.
Guys don't care, it's not their problem - and they are liberals anyway.
American liberals moreover, so they don't listen, they don't care.
They are also racist and sexist, some of them, so it's not a topic for them.
But the political ideology is a topic. The income is a topic. The job is a topic. Do you understand?
This was at stake. It's not a clash of the labels, the right-thinking against the others.
And in France, it will be the same.
If when you say "la gauche" it's to hear Hollande, Valls, Montebour, whoever else
it's to, as soon as your open their program, whichever wing they belong to, they all say atrocities
well people won't go to vote for them! It's obvious.
This is why I must keep going.
I must not go in their shredding machine.
I will not submit to their vote.
I will only submit to the votes of the French people, anything else I don't want to hear about it.
This is why I'm doing it, I don't care about labels.
I don't want people to hear that I am a man coming from the left wing,
that's not what I want people to hear, that's not what I am telling, what I suggest. This is what matters.
So be aware that in the US, it was a stop of the wave going through the whole world.
Everywhere, the people are fed up of free-trade liberal policies,
globalisation, competition and all those nonsenses made to worn off miserable people who are being told :
" You have no future, neither have your kids.
And the won't go to school because schools don't exist anymore.
And if you want them to learn something, you'll have to pay." etc etc
All these things you already know.
Do you believe something like that? The day after the election,
who arrives and says: we must build hospitals,
and also roads and bridges. It's Trump.
It's the liberal who said so, because the others didn't even think of it.
Sure, they aren't interested.
So that's what happened in the US.
There had already been a first wave, when Mr. Obama got elected.
Mr Obama was elected by an involvement of the disadvantaged people of the US.
They thought: "This guy, he's black so he knows what it is to be a misfit,
he knows what is discrimination, to be bullied."
Actually he didn't know, proof is he hasn't done anything, or almost.
All this happened in the US. And before, the wave went through Latin America.
It was the same, and it's in Europe.
But each the wave can go to the right wing, or to the progressive side.
The problem for us, it goes easily to the right!
They vote Le Pen, they vote Sarkozy, Juppé - the handy dramaqueen.
As much as you like, folks.
The result was Trump, who was invited at France 2, Socialist-TV? Mrs Le Pen.
You missed it, right? You hadn't seen her for a long time,
and each time they do something at France 2, a Le Pen's disciple arrives.
You missed it, here you go.
This, as much as you like. But on the other side on the left, you get stopped.
"Have some Clinton! -No, I don't wanna -Have it anyway !"
"Hollande, Valls, Montebourg, whoever else… have them anyway !"
"-But no, I don't want to! -Have it anyway, that's all you'll get !"
So people think : "If that's all I get, I stay home." They methodically organise the defeat.
These people are responsible for the catastrophe.
And now did you see how they changed their tone, all of sudden?
Because their American master spoke, here they go, they all say the same.
That's why I'm telling you, Trump, it won't be a fuss.
He'll be told: "Mr President, here are the leashes for our poodles."
"Amazing!" And he's going to pull on the leashes and all the poodles will obey, as usual.
Because, do you remember they had protested under Bush ?
Zip-tie. In France, the Atlantic party commands.
Right now, it's a bit upset, because being represented by a guy like Trump, it's tough.
But you'll see, they'll swallow. It'll go through. These people are very dangerous.
I can't conclude without telling you that we are now 46000, so we'll reach 50000 soon.
If you like this channel, please subscribe.
But before this, there is something else to do.
You click on the blue thumb, so it helps "boosting", so to speak
so it is shared and suggested to more people.
And if you want to comment, please do so, because we try to consider them
to keep this channel moving forward.
Don't forget that by subscribing, you give me powerful ways which really upset my opponents.